this is John with fight hi kaam I am
talking to the future of the heavyweight
division big bow big boat spell out your
real name for us if you don't mind okay
my name is a buttery and you spent my
first name a be OD you and Rin and my
last name is a key on you AK I am why am
j you ok Bo now you're falling too yes
you're kind of coming off a devastating
loss yes but you got something coming up
so I know you're excited to get back in
the ring tell us about what you got
coming up um I got a very important
fight I feel like it's coming to me
because you know I'm coming off a loss
and I want to show the people who redeem
myself so that a true heavyweight
champion in the future is coming and
i'll find some guy out of philly don't
know his name don't know too much about
him I know this is prem debut but at
this point doesn't matter okay tell me
how about how was your camp how's your
wake up how you eating and everything
has gone away since the last laws you
know we've been working real hard you
know since Miami today's that's been a
big problem of Mines you know wait you
know damages our party like around 2 45
and my weight has konbu ballooned up
once I got to the probe but since the
camp at the end right you know a lot of
greens you know a lot of greens in my
diet a lot of water you know less sugar
and uh they do real good kind of weight
running conditioning that's all we've
been really working on this game okay
tell me about your style you got your
own particular style is anybody you
study you watch on tape that you try to
mimic well for me I watch a old I'm a
hotel school kind of guy no I watch a
couple of who God but the you know i
watch people like Michael nine
Neil Whitaker mostly for his defense you
know I try to get a defensive my style
you don't even know about everybody put
the bag down people out I tried really
good to kind of it's been a real joy
watching them pick up a little tantrum I
really don't watch the fights their
fights i watch reasons why they do
certain shots so that's why I copy a
child here to cooperate to my game okay
now tell me about your pressures of
fighting here at home any and you're at
a big venue the Washington Convention
Center any person you feeling but oh
well it's not really a big fan of was a
big thing go so I scoot today well it's
not really pressure i'll actually for my
pro gave you at the convention center no
come back in 09 so it's kind of a
familiar feel with me so I understand
it's probably pressure to a lot of
people when they fight at home they got
friends families a lot of relatives
that's trying to come and get ticket
stuff like that but for me you know I
chop block it out I just don't I got
focused on the fight ahead and opponent
and make sure I got do I gotta do and
don't let not get my way okay again your
forward to tell everybody in a whole us
why should they come to DC and come and
watch well you need to come and watch me
because I'm gonna put on amazing
performance I know that I trained hard
I'm ready you know oh it's nothing
doctor like this guy could do a British
team to have a scene I don't show my
able to fight stuff like that in my book
I feel like I should be undefeated had
bad luck so to say but i'll pick it all
up on saturday night ok anything you
want to get out there like your facebook
twitter pages anything you want to check
out well for my fight fans and the
people who support me you can follow me
at both the champ at twitter com that is
be 0 th e champ CH am p and twitter com
you can follow me on Facebook same tech
named roll the champ
I on to all requests I speak to
everybody and hopefully the sodomy upon
my career all right everybody that's
Beauchamp for tuesday heavyweight be
sure to look out for me is fighting in
washington DC this saturday washington
convention center thanks for your time
both